What's the noise?
i
Just ask this newcomer to make me a cup of coffee
Just coffee
This is what it looks like.
This is Mr. Ji who came in
Talented or not
Don't offend
You want to drink coffee and make it yourself?
And you, you go to the bathroom to clean up
It's over, work
Hmph, I will look good on you in the future.
New here, I heard you've written songs before
This project is handed over to you.
Let me tell you something.
The above is very serious about this project
You better work hard.
Ah, Supervisor Qin actually gave you this project
It seems that I want to embarrass you.
Hello, is there anything wrong with this project?
You may not know it when you first arrived.
The POC of this project?
Very picky
Several versions of the song submitted before were rejected
Now this project is a hot potato.
It stands to reason that you just started
It shouldn't be your turn to handle this kind of project
I guess.
It's because you just offended Xu Yan this morning
He avenged his little lover, thank you.
This project did have a certain level of difficulty
But
I have promised the uncle to work hard.
Of course you can't give up easily